# Type Scriptable Object
this scriptable object is used to store information about what types a card will have before it is instantiated as a game object using the data in its scriptable object. This system uses an entity component system to model different card types rather than an inheritance system as the prior is more extendable (e.g. cards with multiple types such as - to use an example from the popular card game Magic the Gathering - a land-creature). Every TypeSO has a monobehaviour associated with it that is added to a card game object as a component when the card loads its data from a scriptable object. This monobehaviour stores information specific to that type such as, for example, the attack and defense of a creature, whereas the Card monobehaviour component only stores information all card have such as name, card text, and card image.

# Creating your own Card Types
When creating a card type for you own game there are two files you must create. First, using the create asset menu in the unity editor create a new TypeSO. Then create a new c# script that inherits from the abstract CardType class (this class inherits from MonoBehaviour but does not implement anything. You may want to extend this class before inheriting from it if you wish to add common functionality to all of your CardType classes). Once you have these to files ready, create an empty game object and add your CardType class to it as a component. Turn this class into a prefab and delete it. Add this prefab to the typeReferenceObject field in your TypeSO. You may now add this scriptable object to the TypeList of TypeSO's in a CardSO. When that CardSO is loaded into a card game object the game object will have the CardType component you created added to it. 