# Card Engine
## Card ECS model
This **in development** unity package provides premade architecture for modeling cards in the style of an entity component system. To elaborate consider an example from the popular card game Magic the Gathering (MTG). In this game cards can have a type such as creature, land and sorcery. The exact rules of how these "card types" work isn't relevant for this example, just that they behave differntly in the game. While the exact mechanical behavior of such card types can differ widely accross games, this type of behvaior is common among card games. I will not go into detail for them but other popular examples include Hearthstone and Slay the Spire.  
In this package we model cards in unity through a [Card](https://github.com/cmwedin/CardEngine/blob/main/Runtime/Cards/Card.cs) MonoBehaviour on unity game objects. This MonoBehaviour contains general information all cards have in common, such as a name, image, or description text (more specificly it contains references to TextMeshPro ui components on which to display this information, the data itself is stored in scriptable objects but we will discus those later). Additional card types then have their behviour represented in further components. Using the example above from MTG, if a cards data has the type "creature" the game object entity would have an additional monobheaviour component added to it representing that type, which would have additional data such as power and toughness.       
I will note here that this package attempts to be as agnostic of systems of the game it might be used in as possible. As such it is expected that the end user will write there own extension wrapping the Card class to suit the needs of their project. This package also currently does not provide any premade card types, simply the systems for the end user to attach their own and represent card data.
## Card Data
This package uses scriptable objects to seperate the data of a particular card from the general monobehaviours used to model all cards. 

---- README to be finished ----
